Create Schedule
1. The Station Manager selects the create schedule option from the main screen.
2. The system displays the Schedule Screen.
3. The Station Manager selects schedule details of the program schedule such as program, presenter and producer details.
4. The schedule screen displays the list of existing programs.
5. The station manager selects a program from the list.
6. The schedule screen displays the list of producers/presenter.
7. The station manager selects a producer/presenter from the list.
8. The system checks if an annual schedule exists from the list of annual schedule.
9. If the annual schedule exists, system displays the annual schedule.
10. Else staion manager creates annual schedule.
11. The system checks if weeekly schedule exists from the list of weekly schedule.
12. If the weeekly schedule exists, system displays the weeekly schedule.
13. Else staion manager creates weekly schedule.
14. The system checks if an program slot overlaps.
15. If it overlaps, system rejects the creation of program slot.
16. Else staion manager creates program slot.


The following exceptions have been identified.
1. No Program Selected: If the station manager does not select a program in point 5 then the use case is terminated.
2. No Producer/Presenter Selected: If the station manager does not select a producer/presenter in point 7 then the use case is terminated.
3. Overlaping program slot: This is handled in the standard flow in point 15.


Copy Schedule
1. The Station Manager selects the copy schedule option from the main screen.
2. The system displays the Schedule Screen.
3. The system retrieves all annual schedules.
4. The station manager selects an annual schedule from the list of annual schedule.
5. The system retrieves all weekly schedules for the selected annual schedule.
6. The station manager selects a weekly schedule from the list of weeekly schedules.
7. The system copies the weeekly schedule.

The following exceptions have been identified.
1. The staion manager does not select annual schedule (in point 4) or weekly schedule (in point 6) then the use case is terminated.

Review /select pp
1) When the use case is initiated, the  presenter/producer List Screen is displayed ,The Station Manager enters search criteria,List of presenter/Producer or a presenter/producer.
2) Stational manager retrieves  list of existing presenters and show it in presenter/Producer screen.
3) Stational manager retrieves list of existing producers and show it in presenter/Producer screen.
4) Stational manager retrieves presenter data through profile via presenter domain object and see it in presenter/Producer screen
5) Stational manager retrieves presenter data through photo  via presenter domain object and see it in presenter/Producer screen
6) Station manager is displayed with presenter data 


Modify schedule
1.The Station Manager selects the Modify schedule option from the Main Screen. 
2. The station manager tries to modify the annual schedule from the Schedule screen 
3. The station manager tries to modify the weekly schedule from the Schedule screen 
4. The station manager tries to modify the Presenter/Producer in the existing schedule from the Schedule screen 
5. The station manager tries to modify the Program annotation in the existing schedule from the Schedule screen 
6.Program List screen tries to read the slot from Program slot
7.Acknowledgement is sent from schedulescreen to the station manager. Ack success(), Ack error(),Ack warning() are the types of ack sent to the station manager.


Review select scheduled program

1. When the use case is initiated, the schedule List Screen is displayed ,The Station Manager enters search criteria,List of schedule or a schedule.
2 Stational manager retrieves annual list of schedule.
3.Stational manager retrieves scheduled program  list.
4.Stational manager retrieves weekly list of schedule.
5. station manager reads program slot from schedule screen.
6.scheduled program screen reads program slot from schedule screen.


